(ios) add create first user step to QS (#2134)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/quickstarts/ios.mdx

    }
  }
  ```

  ## Create your first user

>   Run your project, add your email and password, then tap "Continue".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Run your project. To sign up and create your first user, enter your email and password and select "Continue".
```
